okay so a message to everybody to
everybody who is you know not 18
you're not as hot as you think you are
I'm gonna open this video by saying
three things to y'all I did not think I
was gonna record a video on this topic
today I did not think I was gonna fork
or video on this topic today let me tell
you I did not think I was good FIFA
boarding a video on this topic today
okay so a message to everybody to
everybody who is you know not 18 you're
not as hot as you think you are you're
actually [ __ ] unbearable okay your
vagina's are like not special they're
not interesting and the things you offer
is basically nothing because you're
jobless you know very little about the
world and 30 year olds are far more
attractive then you are or have ever
been so stop thinking about oh I'm candy
[ __ ] chips everybody wants to [ __ ] me
you think you know where this
conversation is heading next you think
you know if you haven't seen this clip
before genuinely I think you have no
idea at the turn in the road this
conversation is about to take a [ __ ]
twenty five-year-old is a thousand times
more attractive because you know whether
or not they're all [ __ ] up in the head
or not because you look at the last
seven years of life and where they've
come like my agree why'd you
seventeen-year-old 18 19 year olds think
that they're hot [ __ ]
they're not I get that it's the dumbest
[ __ ] ever quite some other like
everybody wants to know how I mean
here's the thing when I'm nice to you
yeah and then if I [ __ ] you you could
say that screaming but we're both adults
yeah how long how long did it take you
to figure out seventeen and eight you're
18 year old [ __ ] wasn't [ __ ] because
you went through a lot of them right oh
and Billy the fridge gets no credit for
this people act like Billy the fridge
didn't stand up to an Sen Wow
okay this is my second time seeing it so
you guys didn't get to see my reaction
the first time I heard that Wow how long
how long did it take you to figure out
seventeen and eight you're 18 year old
[ __ ] wasn't [ __ ] because you went
through a lot of them right yeah 17 18
year old [ __ ] before you stop the
person I'm married to we got together
when they were 17 okay yeah and and now
they're 25 there have been two people
okay
the person I'm with now who is 25 and
was 17 and a half when I met them and
then the other person was 17 and a half
when I was 25 like we're going into 18
my point is my point is is that when I
first met them I thought they were older
yeah but they weren't and yet they're
legal and when you're already falling
for someone and you find out their age
late but they're legal are you
gonna let taboo stop you from having a
relationship that you think is with the
one that's what I mean looking I've been
married to this person the problem here
in case you hadn't guessed is that a
Nissen is thinking about this in a
purely self-centered way he is giving
absolutely no thought whatsoever to the
woman in the equation and yes when
there's money and fame involved things
get a little bit more difficult had this
controversy lately with titanic sinclair
and the creative artist poppy singer
dancer named poppy okay when they got
together poppy was nineteen years old
okay and he was an older man with some
power and experience in terms of who he
was in the industry - already had one
successful act titanic sinclair the
older dude he didn't have to sleep with
poppy they could have had a purely
professional colleague to colleague
relationship titanic sinclair could have
had the relationship of management to
artists he could have had the
relationship of a songwriter to vocalist
that's not what he chose he chose to
sleep with this girl he chose to have a
romantic really sure he chose to get
into bed with her and look guys even
wu-tang broke up even the beatles broke
up even EPMD broke up even dmx broke up
at dmx it's just one man okay like it's
not hard to guess how the story ends
when you're the songwriter and
management kind of figure and you're
actually sleeping with the talent you
chose not to have a professional
relationship
you chose to get into bed with this 19
year old girl and then hey it's amazing
it lasted as long as it did five years
later they break up he's suicidal you
know the band breaks up music but it
falls apart you know completely
predictable okay okay okay okay
but titanic sinclair as the older dude
with the money and the fame he had a
choice and he was saying to the
nineteen year old girl in effect hey do
you want to be the next Britney Spears
probably a lot of guys in Los Angeles
say that nineteen year old girls
everyday titanic's and Claire was
actually able to promise that he was
actually able to deliver it and papi did
become a multi-million selling you know
mainstream hit artist he actually
delivered that they're probably a lot of
guys to make those promises and never
deliver okay he had a choice he has to
accept the consequences of the decision
he made yeah it's [ __ ] up his life and
he's attempted suicide okay what about
her what was the choice she had when she
was 19 years old in that situation and
she did want to be a performing artist
you did want to be a singer and dancer
okay do you think she had the power or
the choice to say to him no I want you
to just be my songwriter I want you to
just be my talent agent I want you to
just be management I want us to have a
purely professional relationship do you
think she could have said that to him at
19 do you think she could have said that
him at 20 when you think she should
could have said that him at 21 I think
on some level we all know that the
reality is she did not have that option
she did not have that choice either she
was gonna get into bed with him and take
all the advantages and disadvantages of
that and she tried to ride it to fame or
she was gonna refuse to get into bed
with him and then one way or another she
was gonna have to find her own way in
the business in her career and so you
know maybe that would have been the more
resolute independent that would have
been the better choice or maybe now she
looks back five years later and she
thinks when she was 19 she wished she
had the confidence to do without this
guy I don't know I don't know her
perspective or maybe she looks back and
thinks well that was okay when I was 19
maybe she looks back happily and thinks
okay that was okay for when I was 19 but
now five years later I'm 24 and forget
it I'm ready for something better it's
possible she has a more positive view of
that okay in an ins whole way of
unrolling the map on the table here and
explaining strategically the situation
he's looking at it in a sick and
insidiously self-centered way right and
there is Fame and there is money
involved here I don't want to recap all
the facts but you think there is money
involved just look back at the facts
about Billy how much money he put in
that girl's pocket to have her come and
hang out as his live-in babysitter and
sleep with both him and his wife his
wife Laney who is now his husband ky
these problems can happen with a 21 year
old or a 31 year old told nated with the
other day about a woman who's a
university professor and she was saying
she wanted to get with this guy who was
one of her students he was a university
student but he was over 21 and it's like
you know she's kind of making up excuses
she's kind of thinking they're saying
like oh well he's over 21 he could have
been somebody I met in a nightclub but
he's not he's your student you grade his
papers you grade his exams you signed a
contract you took on a moral duty there
art look yeah hypothetically on the
level of fantasy you can think of some
other scenario other than this one that
is very clear moral consequences for you
if you cross this line if you cross this
line that you agreed to never cross in
your contract when you accepted this job
when you accepted this responsibility I
honestly think that these problems
they're not so dramatically different
when you're talking about people who are
30 years old because you know man
it's the human heart and you can meet
some 30 year olds who are more immature
than some 19 year olds but let's just
keep it simple and honest you know when
the girl is only 19 as in the case of
poppy it's worse it's more delicate it's
more difficult the consequences are
going to be disproportionate to the
actions the kind of fragility and just
you know the kind of emotional backlash
you have to expect as the older party if
everything doesn't work out perfectly
and frankly even if everything
work overtly if the person is 1918 then
this scene was here just making excuses
for 17 and was 17 and a half when I met
them and then the other person was 17
and a half when I was 25 it's worse
let's just leave it at that you have to
make the decision to do the right thing
because it's the right thing to do and
sometimes you have to look at the person
and the particular scenario and decide
there's no way to do the right thing
here so I just have to walk away
entirely like no matter how good you are
there's no way you can make this
relationship work you know with the 19
year old where you're mixing business
with pleasure and you're both her
manager and her songwriter and her
boyfriend and her lover like sometimes
there is no right thing to do except
leaving except not getting involved in
the first place
except recognizing that even if you did
everything right this would be wrong it
would turn out badly and you'd be left
incapable of taking responsibility for
the consequences
[Music]